Call the `callback` when running the webpack plugins (#95)
bugsnag/webpack-bugsnag-plugins: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [2.2.0] - 2025-05-13

> - Call the callbacks when running the source map upload and create build plugins (#95)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure webpack plugin callback is called when running the source map upload and create build plugins (#95)
```
